Forget it.
Let's just say I owe them.
[Archives: The Nanyang Mystery]
[Episode 29]
[Feikun Palu Temple]
The auspicious time has come.
Great Feikun Balu,
Please accept your bride.
Why is it a man?
Never seen someone big-boned?
You are not part of the clan.
Where is the bride?
Where is she?
I am the bride.
I am thousands of times better than her.
Tell me.
Where is my divine husband?
Gosh...
Attack their limbs!
We have to kill the big one.
If it were the chief,
What would he do?
I can at least borrow this, right?
Hand it over!
So what I picked up wasn't trash
But the chief's weapon.
I can't just have an arrow without a bow.
Whatever, I'll just try it.
Useless thing.
Zhang Qianjun!
You have no sense of direction!
Who are you to be a guide?
What's with all the noise?
S-Sorry for intruding.
Zhang Qianjun!
The bow!
What?
Feikun Balu?
Feikun Balu!
What a piece of work.
Lend me some blood.
H-How do I give it to you?
Watch out!
Having so much fun without me?
Bastard,
I'll kill you!
What's with the outfit?
I got married in my spare time,
And the groom is a loser.
You have pretty terrible taste then.
You picked the ugliest one.
This is the bow left by the chief.
Shoot its weak spot, and it'll die.
Zhang Hailou!
Zhang Qianjun!
Shrimpie!
Aren't you the one going?
You go.
Well...
It's better if we go together.
My leg hasn't fully healed yet.
What if I die?
Then I'll give you a grand funeral.
Fine.
Because right now,
If he thinks
He can still be with you like before,
The good in him
Still has a reason to survive.
But if you've already started to hate him,
Or if he comes to believe that
The good in him
Is hopeless,
Then that goodness will disappear completely.
He will become an evil spirit from hell.
So,
You must act as if nothing
Has happened.
What are you doing?
Get out of the way!
She tried to kill me first.
Why did you...
Who is this?
-My enemy who wiped out Phoenix Fortress! -My bro from the Archives.
I will make you pay in blood!
That didn't kill it?
Shrimpie!
Come out!
Come out and fight me one-on-one!
Brother?
Why are you here?
It's probably because when the priest
Was collecting corpses,
He brought Great Golden Blade's remains here.
They can protect themselves.
The tricky one is here with us.
This thing already has its vital point blown out.
Why isn't it dead?
This seems to be a female snake.
A female snake's vital point is different from other snakes'.
Find it
And destroy it.
I'll do it.
What are you doing?
What should we do?
Pull the black-haired snake out of its limbs.
The female snake will naturally spit it out
When it's unable to control its body.
Sorry, bro.
Shrimpie!
Shrimpie.
Am I going to die here today?
Shrimpie!
Hope this works.
Hopefully...
Zhang Hailou!
Shoot!
It's Shrimpie.
Shrimpie.
Shrimpie!
I thought you were dead.
I had to dodge your blood.
What's wrong?
I'm too tired.
I originally thought my 10 years in Nanyang
Was already the limit.
Why did you pick such an ugly piece of clothing?
It's better than the last one, isn't it?
I didn't expect it to be even more tiring
After returning to the Archives.
Why can my arrow track your blood?
The tattoos on our bodies
Appear when our blood is hot.
Although we got tattoos and became members of the Zhang family,
We got different Qiongqi tattoos
And used different herbs.
Over time,
It will also affect our respective bodies
And blood.
Simply put,
The herbs turned your blood
Into Yang blood
And mine into Yin blood.
And because of a certain substance in the herbs,
These two types of blood can attract each other.
And that bow probably
Used the blood of the Zhang family
To attack.
The chief probably also has Yang blood,
Which is why you can use that bow.
And Mentor wants me to be the Director?
You should be the Director.
My knowledge of the Archives
Is not even one-tenth of yours.
Actually, I was only
10% sure we could win just now.
I was just giving it a try.
The Zhang family is really ruthless,
Inventing a weapon like this.
With that weapon,
You killing me would be a piece of cake.
If I get hurt, even just a little bit,
You can kill me very easily.
You were right.
About what?
Didn't you ask me before if I was sick?
Something is indeed wrong with my body.
But I've made peace with myself.
Shrimpie.
It's okay.
If you are sick,
We can just get it treated.
I think I'm fine the way I am now.
I also know why you used to be so strong.
Because once you start fighting,
You don't care if you live or die,
Or about anyone else.
Now I can do it too.
It feels pretty good.
I am very happy now.
Shrimpie.
Let's get you treated.
I killed people. You saw it.
I know.
Curing me won't bring them back.
You have no idea
What I've done.
All right.
Come with me then.
I'll show you something good.
Will you kill me?
I killed all of them.
Don't you care?
Didn't you say you didn't care?
Your expression right now
Says otherwise.
You are just like Mentor.
You say you don't care what I've become,
But actually, you can't accept me like this at all.
You saw Mentor?
Come out.
Mentor.
You've been following me all along.
What do you want?
Just kill me.
Didn't you say you'd handle it yourself?
Mentor,
I thought I could.
But I can't.
I want to kill people.
I can't control myself.
I'm really going crazy.
If I had known it would be like this,
You might as well have killed me that day.
At least I could have died at home.
These things
Can be made into a medicine.
It can stabilize your mind.
So it's because of this medicine
That you became like this?
Go make the medicine quickly,
And end all of this.
The medicine Mentor traded her life for,
I burned it in front of her
With my own hands.
Mentor's expression—
She looked so sad,
But it was so amusing to me.
It would have been great if you were there too.
Zhang Haixia,
You're crazy!
Didn't you know that already?